0.  How many different colors does each format support?
    a. BMP: over 4 billion
    b. GIF: 256 colors
    c. JPEG: 16 million colors
    d. PNG: 16 million colors

1.  Which of these formats supports animation?
    a. GIF
    
2.  What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
    Lossless compression recreates a compressed file as an identical match to its original form 
    while Lossy compression can't be used to compress anything that needs to be reproduced exactly.
    
3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
    a. JPEG

4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
    When a file is deleted, the operating system deletes the pointers to the file and in the FAT and 
    the space occupied by the file is mark as available. The computer does not delete the actual data 
    that was contained in the file.

5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
    Delete files using a secure delete option. That replaces the section on disc with all zeroes.
    
6.  What’s stdint.h?
    It is header file for uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t these data types.
	
	
7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
    It makes clear that you intend to use the data a specific way.
	
8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively? 
    (Assume a 32-bit architecture like the CS50 Appliance.)
    a. BYTE is 1 byte
	b. DWORD is 4 bytes
	c. LONG is 4 bytes
	d. WORD is 2 bytes

9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? 
    The first two bytes of a BMP is a WORD and denotes bfType, which specifies the file type. 
    It must be set to the signature word BM (0x4D42) to indicate bitmap.

10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
    bfSize specifies the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file while biSize specifies the size of the structure in bytes.

11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
    If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB (device-independent bitmap) and 
    its origin is the upper left corner.

12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
    The biBitCount member of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure determines the number of bits that 
    define each pixel and the maximum number of colors in the bitmap.

13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:38?
    It might return NULL if it cannot create the outfile to write to.
    
14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
    Probably because the program is reading in 1 RGB triple at a time. The header comments seem to confirm.

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
    Width is the width of the bitmap in pixels. If the width is 3, padding is necessary since the 
    scanline must be a multiple of 4.
    3 pixels * 3 bytes per pixel = 9 bytes. 
    3 bytes are added to bring the scanline to 12 bytes.

16. What does fseek do?
    Skips over any padding and looks for the next pixel (RGB triple)

17. What is SEEK_CUR?
    It is an integer constant which, when used as the whence argument to the fseek function,
	specifies that the offset provided is relative to the current file position

18. Whodunit?
    Rob Bowden
